Add command to check for vX.Y.Z tag vs pybind11/_version.py consistency. (#4757)
pybind/pybind11: docs/release.rst

- Update tags (optional; if you skip this, the GitHub release makes a
    non-annotated tag for you)
    - ``git tag -a vX.Y.Z -m 'vX.Y.Z release'``.

>     - To ensure the new tag is consistent with the version number in the sources, run this command:

Reviewer: Where is the current tag number shown? `__version__` and `pybind11/_version.py` are already forced to be in sync by `nox -s tests_packaging` above, if that's all this is doing.

Author: The nox command only ensures that common.h and pybind11/_version.py are fully self-consistent.

Which is something I take for granted.

The git-diff-grep command would have shown a diff because it would have pulled `v2.11.0` from pybind11/_version.py, but I at that step in the instructions my working copy had the v2.11.1 changes, just not the version number update.

Reviewer: I'm failing to understand why this would catch anything that `git status` or a plain `git diff` would not show (or, in my terminal, the current git condition is shown as a colored bar). It's not using or comparing the tag itself at all.

Could it be replaced with "make sure all changes are committed"?

Author: I simply forgot to update the version number, and everybody else overlooked it, too.

`git status` would not have shown anything.

`git diff` also would not have shown anything.

`git diff v2.11.0` would have shown that the code I had was not what was tagged as v2.11.0.

Reviewer: Oooh, oooookay. That seems like an interesting way to so it. Can't you just print out the current version and make sure it's the same as the tag? `grep ^__version__ pybind11/_version.py | cut -d'"' -f2 | sed 's/^/v/'"` should show the current tag.

Reviewer: And `grep ^__version__ pybind11/_version.py` would be enough for a human user to verify the code states the version they just tagged.

>           - ``git diff "$(grep ^__version__ pybind11/_version.py | cut -d'"' -f2 | sed 's/^/v/')"``
>           - There should be no diff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - ``grep ^__version__ pybind11/_version.py``
          - This should print the version you just tagged.
```

Author: I pushed a slightly different wording before seeing this comment.
Give me a moment to try again.
Simpler is better I agree.

Reviewer: Plus it's not great for the "working" path to produce no feedback that it worked. Your wording is fine.
